Track 2 markdown files updates (#1840)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-rust: README.md

> # Azure SDK for Rust

Reviewer: Not a blocker, but I have to say that "SDK" instead of "SDKs" has always bugged me a bit. All our languages release multiple packages. Those are separate "SDKs". There's the .NET SDK, the .NET EF SDK, the MAUI SDK, etc., for .NET. Are we sure we're not the "Azure SDKs for Rust"?

This library comes with a testing framework that executes against prerecorded sessions to quickly validate code changes without incurring in Azure costs. You can read more about it in the [Mock testing framework's README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-rust/tree/feature/track2/doc/mock_transport.md).

## Need help?

- For reference documentation visit [docs.rs](https://docs.rs/).

> - For examples, go to the `/examples` sub-directory in any library's project folder.
>   - Ex:`/sdk/identity/azure_identity/examples`

Reviewer: Bullets shouldn't have a single sub-bullet:

```suggestion
- For examples, go to the `/examples` subdirectory in any library's project folder e.g., `/sdk/identity/azure_identity/examples`
```

"subdirectory" is also one word. Plese check for other instances.

## Need help?

- For reference documentation visit [docs.rs](https://docs.rs/).

> - For examples, go to the `/examples` subdirectory in any library's project folder e.g., `/sdk/identity/azure_identity/examples`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For examples, go to the `examples` subdirectory in any library's project folder e.g., `/sdk/identity/azure_identity/examples`
```
